show me the real Moses
que Waters Dragon
Venom that [__] got right on top of you she still
seashells by the
seashore she s seash shells by the seashell
they sell you knock off Jesus fact simly is the real mystery your poster boy pedophile drug
addict was made by Rome to enslave all of you knock knock can't you hear me I'm
at the door Christine the X black Waters black venom Julius Caesar hung Mia's
portrait on the Temple of Venus the producer Divine Julian library of the
Renaissance siine books so cold with the Freezy poisonous kisses she
seashell by the seash
Mia she sell seashells by the
seashore welcome back to Lady Bab on initiating apocalypse nice to see you
back tonight I'm going to show you something I'm going to tell you right off about what we're going to be doing
we're going straight to Moses we're
gonna look at Moses and God and we're g to watch them get
completely high together we're going to see what it is in the original text
we're going to watch the be beautiful interlacing of the drugs with the cult vision and we're
going to see Moses at his best are you ready for this you're not you're not
because this this is the actual text you have not seen this nobody has seen this
because of the big lie the big lie is that this text was originally in Hebrew
it was not tonight we're peeling through that historical trauma and we're going
right to the of the language why because we're scientists that's what we do
that's what we do tonight on lady Babylon we are going to look at
Moses and Yahoo the same time linguistically this is going to be
lovely you're gonna oh it's it's so scrumptious I want to start tonight and
say um we've got a couple of people that I need to give shoutouts to um there uh
I gave a recent interview go ahead and bring it up um yes here we go on higher
side chats right and unfortunately higher side was bombarded by people that
were angry angry audience talking about I'm going to pull my subscription take
out my investment I am going to March off in the
distance in a huffy tie raid and you know what it didn't matter cuz
higherside stayed the course yeah stayed the course for the
sake of Honor for the sake of Honor so what I would like to ask you to do is to
show higherside exactly how much it means means to tow the line of reality
to us how much does that mean to satanic congregation it means a lot it means a
lot who else are I've got to flash another Ally here this is the Curious
man's podcast curious man's podcast right and look what we've got here oh
God speaks with Dr almond that's Matt Matt was fantastic I want everybody to
know about Matt for the sake of the Curious man's podcast I want you to know about that
now the other thing I want to say take that down chewy the other thing I want to say is I'm gonna be on Danny Jones
Danny Jones and I know can't wait for it can't wait it's just going to be lovely
and I love the fact that every time I give an interview um the response is
usually somewhere between thank you very much this was fantastic now if we can
just figure out how to get it edited properly to get presentable to the
audience it's that fiery it is that oh God the material Danny just brought it
out he brought it out it was gorgeous my commendations to Danny
Jones fantastic we got in there into the material and I think you're going to
like it so um we're waiting on that okay I want to take you in
I want to take you in are you ready here we go boom give me that First Source chewy all right let's go to this I want
you to see the real tonight I I just want you to sit back and I want you to Envision the real now where have we been
up until this point in the story go ahead and Flash that first text up there this is what we're going to be looking
at but go ahead and take it down but let me tell you what's happened before this you know what I mean Moses whose name is
a third Century Construction of museus right um so the author of The
Bible who's writing in the third Century they are pulling down the tradition that
is the orphic mystery tradition the oracular tradition right coming through
one woman the medwa or as the grece called her Meda right um and these people are
working they're working on getting things done Moses is out there um in the
you know doing his thing with his sheep and all of a sudden what happens to
Moses all of a sudden he finds that bush that bush that burns but it doesn't stop
burning it doesn't get consumed it just burns look you can light it and there it
goes look it comes back blow it up comes back it's gonna come back there it is this burn we're going to look at this is
where Moses has gotten to and tonight tonight we are going to learn the
name of Jehovah we're going to learn the name of yaho we're going to learn it are
you ready it's in the Greek it's in there in the Greek are you ready and everybody will finally see it it's
gorgeous now it is the sacred name of God so it is it is with my utmost humble
pleasure to be able to bring it to you it's gorgeous let's go um hit me with
this first text I'm just gonna read it to you people yeah so he says look look
it's Mo and God and they're sitting there with the fumes of this thing
fumigating themselves he says look nobody's going to believe me nobody's
gonna believe me if I go back and tell them I spoke with God right and then what am I gonna do and so cuos turns to
him and he says from the you know he's speaking where is he speaking by the way he's speaking out of the smoke mayy t s
you know what's in your hand what's in your hand bra and he says a Robos Moses
says a Robos is in my hand go to the next one wait a minute what's Moses walking around with what's he walking
around with here put this thing up there and people don't understand now again we're going to get into the fact that
this is so complex and the Hebrew is so simple right you're pulling out a layer of technicality right when you have to
translate the Greek to the Hebrew so that's what's happening here and what is this rdon look it's a rod people look at
all the different types of things that it is we'll look at number one the magic wand look at the fishing rod oh yeah
look at this this is gorgeous yeah yeah the rapsod carries this thing around who is
the rap sod that's the singer that's the singer bro you didn't think s was a he
Hebrew word did you it's a Greek word um um yeah fantastic so this robon hit me
with the next hit me with the next uh example what is this thing Moses is carrying well let's look at it's early
prototype right now this is the magic wand that's used by Cersei so and
everybody's watching Harry Potter and they're like oh Harry you're your wand baby Point
your wand point it right at Hermione don't do that don't do that don't point
that W Harry stop um this is the one that Cersei is
using and she is using it in an archaic um Bronze Age late Bronze Age
form and what does this thing do this thing's a vehicle for her to
transform a person from a sentient to an
incentient yes a toy if you will isn't that neat that's Bronze Age stuff that's
Bronze Age stuff this is a tool remember you doctors when you go to work what is
your symbol it is this thing with a serpent wrapped around it Oh you mean
this thing is medical yes yes and remember please remember please that there are ways to introduce drugs to the
human body in the ancient world and one of them is on board a thing that you and I today the
proper terminology would be something like medicated dildo and so here we have it here we
have it who uses these things back to the back to the Cersei bit yes love it
people look at this that's in the Odyssey that's in the Odyssey let's float a little bit look the thing which
Athena touched to thisius seriously
seriously did you know that Athena was touching
Odus she touched him with her golden robon and what happens when you touch
Odus with your golden robon ah he looks younger he looks
younger yeah you remember the Imperial thcs you know what do you think that
technology was developed right oh God this is lovely okay let's
bring back the text this too much that got a little bit too season season too much seasoning look what Athena did this
is her golden robon that she's going to be applying to
adicus yeah that verb there it means that she's applying
it yeah yeah she is covering it yeah she is
doing doing it she's doing that Mistress of the Arts the Medical Arts thing go
and what else can you do with the robone like the one Moses has got in Antiquity
you know what can you do with one in the third Century especially tell us what
tell us bring us to the third Century um look Hermes lifted up his
robone the one that he uses to felgo your eyes to thalgo your eyes yes he
uses it to thalgo you what is that that's when somebody takes over your
mind have you ever had somebody take over your mind and introduce thoughts
and you say that sounds quite crazy and somewhat ridiculous well it turns out
Manfred whenever they have drug parties of this magnitude and Excellence that um
there is a little bit of programming that can be done fantastic you know how long you can keep somebody in a
cage yeah wait a minute is this the Bronze Age yeah it's the time that they're figuring out when all of these
um dotes and antidotes will work with and against each other right so yeah
good when remember Master Formula kind of stuff um go to the back to this one
look who is it who is it who's got the thing it's Hermes right it's the angulos remember the text tells us that
Moses was visited by an angulos in that bush that
burned it was visited where was that angulos within the flocks within the flocks
BOS oh God oh God are you beginning to
see what that Angelos does you begin to see it look at Moses
everybody we all got off the time ship so fast we all you know here it is were
you surprised that Moses is heavy heavy heavy into drugs are you
surprised yeah not only that he's into the good ones watch what he's about to do this guy is a Tripper he is a Tripper
out there and I wanted you to see this because I want you to put Moses and Jesus right next to each other and
remember I'm going to ask you how much time separates Moses from from Jesus
well in the fairy tale world it's a thousand or so years um in history it's
only about 250 to 300 years separates
the two right Moses as a creation of the third Century as a knockoff of
museus right this character is already established this Prophet is already there why do you think there are songs
of Moses right we are working for from a thirr century environment so what we are
seeing in the 3rd century is being sucked into our fabrication did he just
call the Old Testament a fabrication yes he did he did in a poorly done
translation oh god what happened to the scholars this brain drain or something I
don't know um the garans usually have their stuff
together so let's stick with them let's stick with those Greek garans and see what they recording all of okay give me
the next one what is the what is the rdon in the on the Hebrew side surely
this is the source wait a minute a staff this is the mate and what is this a staff a raw a shaft
branch and then metaphorically a tribe okay there's not does everybody
see how the depth we've gone now from the depths to the kidy pool we're now at
the shallow end right with the kids and their diapers are in the pool did you ever get in the pool with a kid with his
diaper on oh God let let me tell you something I never did that with my kids
ever never would I take a put a kid in a diaper in a pool that's so gross okay
okay that's okay stop where's the the whip is for such thing things right
that's bad that's bad paternal be be good with your parenting parents Public
Service message if you're kids in a diaper don't take them swimming oh God why did that make me so
mad I don't know let's go to the next one it's just it the Yahoo gets me pumped okay look um so what happens
whoops we need to go back to the previous text Chey I'm sorry what happens um uh nope one more that's the
boom um yeah what else does the angulos that comes out of the Bush out of that
pure out of that flock that lightning that Uranian power right and if you
don't know what I'm talking about it's because you haven't seen him do it right you haven't seen him do the right don't
worry you catch up um but here's um the angel and once the Angels saying um they
not only um take control of your eyes but what do
they do um they raise those who are
sleeping yeah they resurrect those who are
sleeping yes now you know why the discussion I bring the Greek to people
the more people say oh that makes more sense that makes more sense that that's how they right the fairy tale actually
doesn't make sense right it's the and you know that's what the naked kid with
Jesus does when Jesus was arrested in a public park at 4:00 a.m. with a naked boy screaming I'm not a trafficker um
when when the SWAT team took him him down um there was no question about what
he was actually doing that rap that was on that kid's private parts that naked
kid that was on his private parts he was s ing Jesus Christ was siphoning a drug
through it oh God it's horrific I know I know and I know that this reality is
particularly disturbing and you you people are satanic initiation you love it you love exposing it for what it is
right because come on come here Jesus that's right on his
buttocks do you know why he deserves Jesus Christ deserves a striping on his
bucks because he was arrested at 4:00 a.m. with a naked
kid yes don't you understand how much of antiquity especially in the 3 century
when this thing is written how much of antiquity is driven by the great mother
the bachans are all followers of the great mother oh God it's a time of child
protection Jesus is working against that
current and it's all over it's all over it's all over his quotes it's all over
everything he's touching oh god let's get back to the text was that a creepy
was that a creepy portrait there sometimes it scares me what you find okay um let's go one more this is I just
want to see this is generic serpent cuz I'm going to conjure I'm going to conjure the um ser serpent now are you
ready because you know there was a serpent involved with this meeting of coming out of the bush with the angel
and ah smoke and it doesn't stop burning Vision what's the vision oh
let's go bring it give me that next one um he says what's in your
hand this is Yahoo Yahoo says Mo turns to Moses in the midst of this um
fumigation and he says uh hey what's in your hand Moses says I got the Rob done
and he says okay throw it on the ground and he throws it on the
ground and then he says Watch What Happens thing becomes a serpent becomes
a what becomes a draon not one in
general one very specific serpent yeah
yeah and Moses says yikes runs away
right and Yahoo says get back over here grab it I want you to grab it by a part of
its body what part of its body do you want me to grab it by give me the next
text no after that that's um ultimately what the um uh
what the Hebrew says uses the word for tail grab it by the tail um but I want
you to see the Koss and what it is on the Greek side and here's the text by the wayfer look this angel came to him
in this puy flos look there he is he's coming out of the Bush so I want you to see people I'm just giving you the text
right and what's happening the thing Burns but it doesn't it doesn't get consumed hit me with the next one oh god
let's fly let's fly catch him up what is the thing this making all this smoke
that you and I God are sucking up it turns out it's this Bramble Bush Baby
turns out this brand but somebody get me 10 of those we'll import those things to
where we are I'll sit here and talk to talk to God all day you know when people ask me I do the medical side and so it
sounds funny to me when people say do you think they're really used drugs and Antiquity sounds funny to me um and it
sounds like we're simpletons to be honest um but uh um this kind of stuff is uh uh
shouldn't be surprising by this point in the game right um these fumigations that are going on and all the medical stuff
the christing it's all it's all part of the same package give me that um after
the BOS yeah give me that one um what is what is the flocks that we're looking
for remember people we're in a cult no don't take me
seriously I told them we're in a cult so this is the atmosphere so when
that messenger comes to you right they where are they coming
from um that flame it's hard for us to translate that flame what kind of flame
is this flame though it's that flame of lightning that flame of the thunderstuck
right take the word for this flame and you turn it into somebody who is thunderstuck how do you get to being
thunderstuck right to those of you who have gotten close to the throne of Satan
and to those of you who have who have taken your seat upon the throne of
Satan those of you who have the star in your hand you understand you understand
the me meaning you feel that meaning you feel it right at the orgy you understand
oh God look at what kind of transmission is going on this is gorgeous take a
minute take a minute give me that text again give me the next text as soon as there're it's too much time they're gonna get it too fast um speak to me
Yahoo here it is okay everybody everybody this is brand new you've never
seen this trick are you ready um I'm G to give it to you right now the words of
God himself are you ready I'm not talking I'm not talking Zeus either
right Zeus is one of many just as Ammon is the
eighth and remember you can always have a rebellion Against The Gods and you can
take that monest that monest
monstrosity and turn it into a historical reality like they did under
aanan and do you know what they did they made that one God
monstrosity that monest monstrosity that as soon as aanan bit it they broke down
all its monuments and they said we're going back to Ammon we're going back to the eighth
why was that so critical for the sake of all the gods
God's like justice why was that so critical why did
that restore what the Egyptians had already had it's the same thing that
drags down it's the same power that drags down classical wisdom you cannot mingle classical
wisdom and any monest belief you can't
they don't work together right they're they will destroy um each other or one will get the upper
hand yeah but somebody's going down they cannot coexist it is a
monstrosity Frankenstein it's very Franken steinan that's fantastic that's
not a word go that's not what they meant when they said you must coin so many words it's not what they meant um tell
me Yahoo what did you say remember um he
said oh doesn't that sound nice you before I tell you what that means go to the next one because what did what could
the Hebrew language do with that the Hebrew language just put that verb I am
and then who some kind of relative and Then followed by the same verb again I am right okay I am who I am and that's
how it ends up in all of the translations take down that's how it ends up in all of the English
translations sounds very Popeyes uh right I I am what I am right
that is not what the Greek says as you can see even if you don't know Greek you can see oh it's different it's not just
one word repeated twice right remember when you're going from ancient
Hebrew to ancient Greek you are stepping up the level of technical
difficulty right the Hebrew sentence there is a quick run jumping maybe a couple of
twists right the Greek is a lengthy routine look at the look at what they've
done with it right so I am what I am um is the Hebrew side not ready for the
word the actual the original words of God are you ready I
am the being I am
being I am being thank for think about the difference there I am that I am like
Gangsta gangster yah says I am what I am
baby right you can see that you can respect that right what do we give that judges what do we give ah it's a
7.5 7.5 watch the artistic detail the technical do you know what the H on is
look at what this is first of all the first thing we have here is ago and ago is a personal pronoun you don't have to
use that in ancient Greek the personal pronouns are used like for
emphasis ownership right it's not just something being done I'm the one doing it me and
you know what he says he says I am ha on who is he saying he is he says he is
the one we get a definite article H and then we get on the participle the one being I am the being
I am the act itself of existence which if you think about it
has a kind of a much larger reach than I'm whatever I am baby right The Gangsta
gangster yah is little bit over the top that way right very tribal has a very
tribal taste to it you know and the level of technology is a little bit lower it's a little bit you know there's
a reason and they sent Jesus to Egypt to get educated right with all that money there's a reason he did right it's just
CU things were not good libraries were not were not up and running yeah yeah
it's a shame um but everybody knew that about the province right okay so it's
just the way it is it's a fragment of History down there in Alexandria they were kicking everybody's butt don't get
me wrong in Alexandria woo that's where it was all happening that stuff just
sucked in the world right how can you come stand next to that you cannot give me the next one
give me the next one oh yeah there we go um so here he said this thing that I
just told you I am being I am being this is my on I onion
this is my what name this is my ionic name now um how did the Hebrew handle
this how did the Hebrew handle this and take every everything off track after it with it all the English translations are
going to follow this right um look at Forever at the end yeah Le right last
time I saw that's what it meant yeah right fantastic is that what is that
what ionian means no no and they have those words they have several for
something Goes On Without End yeah and it usually has a form of a a on it
because you there's a lot of different dialects they're developing so you get a lot of you know sometimes some repeat so
yeah um this is not it though ionian what is ionian look you and I are gonna
go to the synagogue from the second century and I want you to look at it okay we you and I are in a second
century synagogue and do you know who is on the
walls ion because we know what ionic life
is Ion stands there and around him is this ribbon and that
ribbon has 12 distinct separations on it each of those separations is a house you
mean wait an astrological stuff you mean the first Jews were a astrologers yes
it's a huge part of why you have a sunog why you have a synagogue that's a
Greek word it's a Greek word yes so um they're doing astrology
isn't that fantastic astrology and the Romans by the
way Romans get a little bit upset about that and they have several decrees and
it's kind of weird to read them the first time I read one I was like what um
it's a decree to Exile all the astrologers and
Jews it's almost like they're an astrological sect not an
ethnicity that's how the Romans are treating it yeah Romans have something against those astrologers you know why
it was rubbing up it always does it rubs up against rulership right yeah because you can take
somebody's birth and blow it up and determine everything yeah you know what happens
that stuff always happens next thing you know some kind of insurrection you can't
tolerate that you have to kick out those astrologers yeah that's the Roman the
Roman way okay thank you Rome I I kind of get it I kind of understand where
you're going because you're looking at it for from a from a Civic kind of
standpoint um I understand but um I never really got why you Associated
those too until until I realize that the texts are all um you'll see throughout
any time that we study the septu agent you're going to be shocked at how much of the astrology tech there is there oh
how much of it stains so don't be surprised they're worrying they're worshiping Ion on the war wall right on
the wall second century we've been there we've seen them look them up look them up um and there we are okay so what is
my ionic name if you can remember the last passage we looked at Livia with the
oh I'm sorry that was a slip the impress right we're talking about the impress
anyway this is my ionic name this is my
ionian name what is the ionian thing that what what is that tell pray tell me Alan Alan hotep where is that guy he
changed his name by the way Tuton Amon um changed his name from tutank attin
because of the whole way that monotheism dragged the Egyptians into the dirt yeah
fantastic so what is that ionian go down I think it's this one yep boom um this
word ion we are here um with ion what
are we doing with ion we are mourning we are mourning wait a minute
wait a minute is anybody does anybody smell Adonis yes yes now you know why we have
to take the name Adonis and we have to say no this is not actually a Greek plasan but it's blah blah blah and we
have to come up with our own Roots that's what we're doing when we back translate when we create a text um that
we're going to claim as a translation right uh that's what we have to do that's the tools that we have to work
with um it's like you're working from your own prison so so to speak you've
painted yourself into a corner linguistically and this is what we have to do what is what is the ion what is it
really coming from right if it's not meaning this always and for all time
it's the groan that we have it's the morning that we have for Adonis it's the
morning that that we have for Adonis it is our shout look at that first line at the end it says to cry I I to cry I
I yeah yeah what tell me what it means to cry I I hit hit the next one what is
that mean and Nancy I hope this strikes a chord with you um look um what is this
a thing well it's an epic form that's used for Gaia that's used for Gaia look
at that first line in Greek it's so beautiful
who is a a is she who is the natur the
nature living literally it says the living
nature a is living nature now look here at the bottom number two look here at
number two and what does it say it's originally the name of kis kis and what do you mean what is kis
kis is a city and it is also the name of a
woman yes and um
K is it's equivalent with a very a a very um uh dystopic switching of
consonant jumping one of them jumps in front of the other one was like that but you look at the victorians if you don't
believe me go to Alice and Wonderland look at the victorians and see what they
say about KES what is KES it's not only the name
of media it is also the name of the
purple isn't that nice isn't that nice it's the name of the purple all of this
cult that we have tried to cut away the false Hebrew to look at the original
Greek all of this cult has led us right back to that original mystery this is
the reason that media's students the Magi um came after
Jesus yeah they saw his star now do you know what it
means yeah Jesus by the way what I want
you is we're thinking about Moses entering into these drug rights right remember the Egyptians catch up the
Egyptians catch up they do the same thing the very same thing they make that
draon right why because they knew what holding up the serpent meant which by
the way is Jesus itching his belly around here somewhere that's why he wasn't pitching because he was a belly
itcher go um don't you remember that keep going there we go yep let's try
that one um here's some VAR no that's always variations of it it's not we
we're past that what else does um God want us to do by the way we're still in
the fog does anybody feel it I feel a little bit of the effects we're still in that fog and what is that fog making us
think well God is telling us plunder the Egyptians right plunder
him wait a minute he's using a term that reflects the activities of
AAS oh my goodness
now don't lose it remember this is the third Century right so where do you
think where do you think they're getting their images from it's what's in the environment around them yeah love it
love it plunder the egyptions says the lace Moses is like dog this guy is down
hit me with the next one yeah there's the plundering yeah yeah go you know really strip somebody bear there's not
there's not much yeah good look what you do you take from your enemy you plunder from your enemy right cuz that's what we
got going on here we got Warfare going on and he says what's in your hand what's in your hand and he says rdos
wait a minute haven't we been here this is Robos right I'm just catching us up and go to the next one Jesus oh I knew
it Jesus was gonna be dragged into
this oh God God oh God Jesus speak up Jesus remember I just used the Greek
word ofus right um for that serpent that serpent specifically the one that's in
the garden this is the office that opens your eyes
right yeah um and here he is Jesus tell us what are we going to do we're going
to elevate or introduce the use of those serpents and if you drink a thoso a
death inducer it's not going to hurt you and you will
heal other people okay are you ready for what the
cult is doing how do you think that we come to those Visionary States look at
what he's saying Jesus is saying right and by the way if you are a Christian today and you do not understand the use
of compound concoction of Venoms and how it is that that brings you through death
to be reborn again um you don't understand you don't know the ionian
name you just don't know it you don't know the being do you understand no they
see that's the point you're doomed you're doomed not to Isn't that cool and
that allows the Christ to select to be very selective with initiations because
there's only some of us who have ears to hear everybody else is going to get slaughtered do you see the monest
Tendencies do you see how destructive the monest Tendencies are oh it's
fantastic let's go um yeah let's go to the next one quickly here quickly um I want you to be reading this story as I'm
as I'm translating right what's God gonna do what else gone please tell me
from the bush tell me I'm going to open your mouth I'm going to open your mouth what are you gon to put in my mouth God
remember the only place on God that museus I'm sorry that Moses
ever gets to see is his
butex yeah you mean Moses saw Yahoo's
anus yeah he did he had to be put it's
so powerful to see the anus of Jehovah it is so powerful you got to be
put into a rock right they're gonna have to cement you in there because it's boom
when you see that thing walkon boom he's like look I'm gonna put you in this Rock right now I don't know how much of that
burning bush is taking its effect I don't know what we did with that Venom
in that robone and all I remember was you told me to try to pick it up by
something to pick it up by something and that something in the creek is a mem
weay wait what yes God said Reach Out Moses reach out your hand and grab grab
the dragon's male member grab the the reason we have to have the mem we in
Latin is because you would be shocked that Moses and God are sitting there
talking about a a penis and God is like reach out and grab
it right the Egyptians are doing the same thing don't be
shocked okay the text openly says those F Cas those um it's often translated as
Sorcerers but it's sorcerer doesn't you know sorcerer is Harry Potter right it's
Fantasy Land these are people who have immense drug knowledge and not in a nice
so way they're aggressive right they get involved in governments right that kind
of approach that kind of cult that's why even the Romans at one point like oh
this cannot go on these Bonet they have to be stopped right you're like what the
Romans persecuted bans I thought I thought they yeah no they did because
there's a power there's a power to the Bic
mystery when you have those churches they take power yeah it's how it is bro
it's how it is it's just a taste of monotheism right just it's released as
soon as you stop the strangle hold right just it's just that Sphinx right you know I'm gonna strangle right that's
what it's it's that moment yeah thunder struck remember we're getting thunder
struck yeah fantastic um go to the next one let's get a little bit more of the
story just some of the salacious stuff yep somewhere down there right he's
gonna put in his what is he gonna put in his mouth go down here go down here he's gonna put no no um yeah yeah he's gonna
open his mouth and he's gonna he's gonna really apply it you know what I mean what's what's Jehovah putting in my
mouth he's putting the remata there you can see it all right so remember what do
you do with the wand you capture and control somebody's
thoughts and what do you put into their mouth you know you put the sayings you
put the words that are going to come right out right out it's very it's basically just essential you know
sophisticated chemical programming we're not doing anything different from what Cersei was doing but Cersei figured out
a way how to turn a dude into a total slave and make him like a Sex Fiend
isn't that nice just for toy for whenever you you wanted to otherwise you're giving them drugs to pacify them
right Isn't that cool that's kind of yeah all you got to do is you got to give them that one combo that makes them
enter death and then you bring them back as soon as you do that they're so grateful right that you become a
gatekeeper right remember John CTI says Cersei went back to find odyusa
he said went back to find aysus and um it says um C says she killed him and
resurrected him yeah yeah she was restarting she was restarting something
didn't happen right and he was just always sitting there on a beach right crying you know want you don't want to
know what aysus did for years he sat on a beach and cried he cried man that guy
had so many so many drugs pumped into him he could you know who's giving them to him hermit this is the first one he
gives here's the best stuff here's the best stuff oh it's fantastic that angel
from that bush always brings that first Rush yeah that first drug yeah again
these are drug combos these aren't simples okay go ahead so don't get all excited about which one is the magic
drug because it doesn't exist all right um what is what is this a sign yeah
we're let's keep going let's keep going I skip one keep going go down here what
what do we have there yeah hit that one perfect perfect we're gonna expect to see tatp people you just have to I just
want you to buckle up because we're going to see those those totally horrific things right those things that
are way out of touch with reality yeah um the things that are you know they
can't happen that way it just doesn't make sense for them to happen but they do things we really can't explain and go
ahead hit me with the next one um what else do you want me to do uh Jehovah you
want me to what oh I'm going to kill your firstborn child broh that's what I
want you to do you want me to go in there to pharaoh and one of the things that I'm going to say to him is this I'm
GNA kill your firstborn yes okay all right I get it I get it I'm there I feel
it I feel it um but give me the give me the whole picture we're almost done
people look at this look at this okay I'm going to go do what you say this is
what Moses does he tells him I'm going to go do what you say he walks away you know what I mean it's not under the
influence he's walking he's just going to a place to stay with his wife he's
found a Motel 6 right this is not the fanciest place on the planet this is not
um you know beds may not be the cleanest right um You can get away with some things here that maybe I don't know
makes this feel UNC comfortable a little bit don't worry about that I got this Rob done um I'm perfectly bakic I'm
exactly where I need to be as a bachan so um I'm here with my wife and what
happens oh [__] one of the one of the Angulo who serve the kuros shows up and
guess what it says says he comes up gets in Moses's face and he gets ready to
kill him he's gonna kill him and what does he do when SE for sees that's
Moses's wife right when she sees that he's about to get killed cuz Gangsta yah
has sent this freaking enforcer out to kill him right do you see what happens
now you know why we brought media to Adam now do you
understand what that was for didn't you understand what those kidnappings were all about oh God try reading Herodotus
people oh where's the seminarian he doesn't know what Herodotus is it's a
person oh seminarian Seminary and btics uh uh deserves deserves to be to
be punished for not knowing right you boys you're going to step in it if
you're not careful next thing you know you're going to wake up in a drowsy in a garden can you imagine Peter James and
John who are so drowsy they've been so drugged these are teenage boys right and
they've been so drugged that they can't even stay awake and there's this creepy guy Jesus with a kid who's a young kid
and he's got his penis wrapped up and he's with this young kid can you imagine waking up as one of those boys at what
point do you say Hey you know this adventure's over right this I I can't
take this stuff anymore look the guy can't even stand he's stumbling around he's got all this purple goop on his
face looks like clotting blood what has he been doing to that kid for the last
hour yeah did you know Jesus had that kid in there for an hour now their hour
could be an hour and a half two hours on our time oh God what's he he's got
enough time with that kid that you know he was saying right and he was saying oh
God I don't want this take this take this cup away that poor kid cup that poor kid cup I feel so bad for that kid
he could have had a normal life baby he could have come on Jesus right maybe he sensed that in the end maybe that's some
of the brightness in Jesus's life is it maybe in the end when he saying I don't want to drink this cup because he had to
drink his communion right out of that kid's private parts the purple is going
to be absorbed in his mouth yeah yeah and he's goingon to get the Galan the
antidote through that kid seen and I can't tell you how disgusting it is for
me to think about what Jesus was doing with that naked boy I know it's
disgusting but that's where we have to go for reality if we want to get down to let's hit the last couple of verses here
it gets my goat right now it gets my goat that we don't that um we don't have
a proper appreciation for what we're looking at in the symbols tonight I just
want you to remember what that symbol means I want you to remember and I want
you to know what that symbol covers I want you to know it Penelope you're my
darling and I believe you're gorgeous I believe you're gorgeous thank you for coming tonight Penelope okay let's go
back we got a couple of texts left that's it hit us yeah wherever we skip I
don't know right there here we go there's a ram something was written on a
Ram oh God did I miss it again right something's written on the ram remember
and tic informant gave you these sources last week he told you um tacitus the
Roman historian very capable Roman historian says that the Jews are um Exiles right common in Antiquity of
Exiles not like they were the only people ever right it's happening all the time it's movements migrations of people
right disturbances Civic disturbances and migrations um and he says that the
Jews were one of these migrations and they originally came from CRE and that they threw on off the worship of the
Ammon the eth remember the eth that we're looking for in the apocalypse he
threw off almond threw them off exiled them um they were not allowed to become
monotheists right Alan prevented it do you see do you
see um it's written all of this is written on that on that Ram
it's written on the skin of that RAM and the dragon is protecting it let's go
let's go to the next one oh God watch this here's what I don't want here's
what I don't want I don't want you to make those incisions in your skin um for
the sake of your soul and I don't want you to write those tattooed letters on
your body do you know why do you know why the
cuos the monest Divinity of the Jewish religion do you know why he
doesn't um want you to have tattoos on your body he doesn't want you to make
those incisions do you know why because that's the activity of an OG doed that's an
activity of a polytheistic system that's preserving Liberty that's what the they
do when you have a monest takeover you take everybody and put them into a box
and whoever doesn't fit into the box gets executed that's the way it works that is the way that we function
especially when we are pushing genocide right right which is in the
text right so okay fantastic that's that's um that's what we don't want
almond um is going to give you the tattoos right we don't want that go um
and tell your brother what throw down that robone and reach down do it right
in front of pharaoh right what's it going to become it's going to become the
dragon give me the last one what happens when all of this mystery is
performed there is born a dragon thank you for coming tonight I
appreciate your time I appreciate your time um Gnostic informant was waylay
technologically so we'll see him next time maybe um but I want to tell you
before we go as you see the dragon emerge as you find the Beast bearing up
that cup and you know um what it was that was done in the mystery realize you
are becoming awake the this is all this is all
reality and you are coming awake love it love it I want to see I
want to see that edge um we don't have much time left and we need to cut to the
chase we need to find that Target and we need to eliminate it this is the
classical World reemerging in a Renaissance in a Renaissance um um thank
you and for everybody who asks why I do it hail Satan Li evil for money the witch Queen
of the trees got these arrows the tips dipped in the dark as the Venoms media
seld them asked me to kill but for what you did to the kids she's coming to get
you vampires like to suck blood the juic is loose spitting these rhymes on the
microphone 212 this thing on Keeper of the song for
media with a kiss of poison she's coming to see you boom back Snake Queen trap SE
seashell by the
seashell she seashell by the
SE she's s seash Shell by the
seash m